Mithril update 2024-02-07 (#337)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-02-07-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-02-07-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team kept implementing a new data type for certifying Cardano transactions within Mithril networks. They completed the aggregator routes responsible for generating proofs of membership for a list of Cardano transactions, and for listing produced artifacts. Additionally, they worked on extending the Mithril client library to support the verification of Cardano transactions. The team also worked on the creation of the new Mithril network running on Sanchonet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team kept implementing a new data type for certifying Cardano transactions within Mithril networks. They completed the aggregator routes responsible for generating proofs of membership for a list of Cardano transactions and for listing produced artifacts. Additionally, they worked on extending the Mithril client library to support the verification of Cardano transactions, and on the creation of the new Mithril network running on SanchoNet.
```

> Finally, they kept working on the threat modeling and risk analysis for the Mithril network and investigated some flakiness occuring on the end-to-end tests in the CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the team kept working on the threat modeling and risk analysis for the Mithril network and investigated some flakiness occurring in the end-to-end tests in the CI.
```
